Add deprecation warnings for macOS Intel support (#13654)
flutter/website: sites/docs/src/content/install/with-vs-code.md

{: .steps .chromeos-only}

<div class="macos-only">
<aside class="alert alert-warning">
<div class="alert-header">
<span class="material-symbols">warning</span>
<span>Note for Intel Macs</span>
</div>
<div class="alert-content">

> Support for Intel-based Macs (x64) is deprecated.

Reviewer: My only edit is just to make this active voice - maybe "Flutter is deprecating support for ____"

Author: Done.

> Flutter releases will eventually require Apple Silicon.

Reviewer: Just to make it super clear that this is an early warning, consider adding: "While Intel Macs remain supported for now, future releases ____" (up to you, not required)

Author: Done

> <span class="material-symbols">warning</span>
> <span>Note for Intel Macs</span>
> </div>
> <div class="alert-content">
> Support for Intel-based Macs (x64) is deprecated.
> Flutter releases will eventually require Apple Silicon.
> For details, see the
> <a href="https://flutter.dev/go/macos-intel-deprecation">macOS Intel deprecation strategy</a>.
> </div>
> </aside>
> </div>

Reviewer 2: Recommendation: Replace the raw HTML blocks with native Markdown container blocks:
```suggestion
:::warning
**Note for Intel Macs:**
Flutter is deprecating support for Intel-based Macs (x64).
Future Flutter releases will require Apple Silicon.
For details, check out the [macOS Intel deprecation strategy](/go/macos-intel-deprecation).
:::
```

Author: Updated.
